Invalid Clinic name in input file for Lady Gaga
Invalid SSN in input file for Popeye 

Heart clinic end of day report:
Heart Clinic Paitent (Regular): Bernie Sanders was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Paitent (Regular): Sean Connery was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Paitent (Regular): Spongebob Squarepants was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Paitent (Regular): Betty Boop was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Paitent (Regular): Pink Panther was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Paitent (Regular): Jennifer Lopez was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Paitent (Regular): Donald Duck was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Patient (Regular): a b was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Patient (Critical): r e was added to the waiting room.
Heart Clinic Patient r e added to schedule for tomorrow
Heart Clinic Patient Bernie Sanders added to schedule for tomorrow
Heart Clinic Patient Sean Connery added to schedule for tomorrow
Heart Clinic Patient Spongebob Squarepants added to schedule for tomorrow
Heart Clinic Patient Betty Boop added to schedule for tomorrow
Heart Clinic Patient Pink Panther added to schedule for tomorrow
Heart Clinic Patient Jennifer Lopez added to schedule for tomorrow
Heart Clinic Patient Donald Duck added to schedule for tomorrow
Heart Clinic Patient a b added to schedule for tomorrow

Pulmonary clinic end of day report:
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Yosemite Sam was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Johnny Depp was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Lady Gaga was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Jackie Chan was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Mariah Carey was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Brad Pitt was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Will Smith was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Ariana Grande was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Justin Bieber was added to the waiting room.
Pulmonary Clinic Paitent (Regular): Scooby Doo was added to the waiting room.
Error- Pulmonary Clinic is full, cannot add Velma Dinkey
Error- Pulmonary Clinic is full, cannot add Patrick Star
Pulmonary Clinic waitlist is full, cannot add a b
Pulmonary Clinic Patient: Yosemite Sam was taken to the operating room.
Pulmonary Clinic Patient: Johnny Depp was taken to the operating room.
Pulmonary Clinic Patient Lady Gaga added to schedule for tomorrow
Pulmonary Clinic Patient Jackie Chan added to schedule for tomorrow
Pulmonary Clinic Patient Mariah Carey added to schedule for tomorrow
Pulmonary Clinic Patient Brad Pitt added to schedule for tomorrow
Pulmonary Clinic Patient Will Smith added to schedule for tomorrow
Pulmonary Clinic Patient Ariana Grande added to schedule for tomorrow
Pulmonary Clinic Patient Justin Bieber added to schedule for tomorrow
Pulmonary Clinic Patient Scooby Doo added to schedule for tomorrow

Plastic Surgery clinic end of day report:
Plastic Surgery Clinic Paitent (Regular): Bugs Bunny was added to the waiting room.
Plastic Surgery Clinic Paitent (Regular): Beyonce Knowles was added to the waiting room.
Plastic Surgery Clinic Paitent (Regular): Britney Spears was added to the waiting room.
Plastic Surgery Clinic Paitent (Regular): Charlie Brown was added to the waiting room.
Plastic Surgery Clinic Paitent (Regular): Drake  was added to the waiting room.
Plastic Surgery Clinic Paitent (Regular): Rihanna  was added to the waiting room.
ERROR Plastic Surgery Clinic: Unable to find patient 111 In the waiting room
Plastic Surgery Clinic Patient: Britney Spears was removed from the waiting list.
Plastic Surgery Clinic Patient Bugs Bunny added to schedule for tomorrow
Plastic Surgery Clinic Patient Beyonce Knowles added to schedule for tomorrow
Plastic Surgery Clinic Patient Charlie Brown added to schedule for tomorrow
Plastic Surgery Clinic Patient Drake  added to schedule for tomorrow
Plastic Surgery Clinic Patient Rihanna  added to schedule for tomorrow
